HelloWorldAppForiPhone
======================

This is a tutorial-app-turned-assignment for a class in iPhone development. A user has the option to enter their name in a text field. When they close the pop-up keyboard or press the return key, they will see the label in the middle of the screen display "Hello " followed by either their name if they input it, or the word "World", followed by an exclamation mark. 

A question related to the coding of this application was: "The tutorial says to send the resignFirstResponder message to theTextField in order to dismiss the keyboard, but the way it is describe this seems like a side-effect of that action. What is the main purpose of the resignFirstResponder message?"

A fast, sarcastic, but true answer would be "To resign First Responder status."
However, to actually answer this question requires a little digging around the documentation for the iOS framework. Breaking apart my cheeky answer, we need to define 'First Responder status' so we can learn what resigning that status entails. A responder object is defined [in relevant specification documentation](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#documentation/EventHandling/Conceptual/EventHandlingiPhoneOS/EventsiPhoneOS/EventsiPhoneOS.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009541-CH2-SW1) as an object that can handle events--typically inputs. There is a 'First' responder, the first object able to respond to any input event. This object is said to have First Responder status. For example, when we're inputing a name to the box through the keyboard, we're interacting with the current First Responder. When we're done with this action, the text field no longer needs to receive inputs, and so can safely release its first responder status. Thus, it signals that it no longer has the need for input. 
